UNITY-7521 document new attributes for category search (#1227)
ePages-de/epages-docs: apps/data-types.md

| subCategories | array of [link](page:apps-data-types#link) | A list of links to the subcategories. |
| navigationCaption | string | The name of the category page that appears in the navigation bar. |
| sfUrl | string | The link to the categories in the shop’s storefront. |
| facetedSearchShowFacetsOnCategory | boolean | Indicates if the search field is displayed on category pages. |

> | facetedSearchCategoryStartDepth | number | The category depth for showing the search field on category pages. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| facetedSearchCategoryStartDepth | number | The category level for displaying the search field on category pages. The search field is displayed on the indicated level and all sub levels. |
```
